beautiful girls the sweet z this one
new items online where I'll show you
a bridge to have the bag of
robbery this glitch works for the
peace 1.23 1.25 therefore for all
consul
first of all we have to buy one
Israel's backpack if we don't have it e
we have to go and buy from
munition so let's go to the inventory
parachute both and select backpack
Israel after wearing it we must
head to a barber guys I tell you
that to do this you need to
of a shirt so if you already have that
or other moments do not work
so I recommend it
put on any shirt
as soon as we go to the barber's and
16 in the chair by pressing the button
directional right
as you can see there will be animation
then we wo n't have it anymore
we click on hairstyles we go out
we click again we go out and then
we can get up as he says already come
we have the robbery bag to do
remain the bag of the end vi
it is worth saving the complete by going
simply a store of
clothing
then go to the complete click
complete saved press square and
save complete with the name you want
every time he chooses to return from
session will give me the parachute then
just go to the accessories page
complete and click on the complete hicks
so we saved guys
liked this video left to
commented subscribe found below
on the facebook page and my profile
private website you will also find the website for
buy recovery mode and us
see you at the next beautiful video